cdc update release-note about fix avro handle incorrect enum type value (#14319)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.1.1.md

    - Fix the issue that queries might return incorrect results when `tidb_opt_agg_push_down` is enabled [#44795](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44795) @[AilinKid](https://github.com/AilinKid)
    - Fix the issue that using CTEs and correlated subqueries simultaneously might result in incorrect query results or panic [#44649](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44649) [#38170](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/38170) [#44774](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44774) @[winoros](https://github.com/winoros) @[guo-shaoge](https://github.com/guo-shaoge)
    - Fix the issue that canceling a DDL task in the rollback state causes errors in related metadata [#44143](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44143) @[wjhuang2016](https://github.com/wjhuang2016)

>     - Fix the issue that `UPDATE` statement check foreign key constraint which causes execution errors [#44848](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44848) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that executing the `UPDATE` statement causes errors due to checking foreign key constraint [#44848](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44848) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)
```

>     - Fix the issue that executing the `UPDATE` statement causes errors due to checking foreign key constraint [#44848](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44848) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Fix the issue that executing the `UPDATE` statement causes errors due to checking foreign key constraints [#44848](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44848) @[crazycs520](https://github.com/crazycs520)
```

        - Fix the issue of too many downstream logs caused by frequently setting the downstream bidirectional replication-related variables when replicating data to TiDB or MySQL [#9180](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9180) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)
        - Fix the issue that when a replication error occurs due to an oversized Kafka message, the message body is recorded in the log [#9031](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9031) @[darraes](https://github.com/darraes)
        - Fix the issue that TiCDC gets stuck when PD fails such as network isolation or PD Owner node reboot [#8808](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8808) [#8812](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8812) [#8877](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/8877) @[asddongmen](https://github.com/asddongmen)

>         - Fix the issue that Avro protocol meet incorrect Enum type value [#9262](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/pull/9262) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Fix the issue that Avro protocol incorrectly identifies `Enum` type values [#9259](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/9259) @[3AceShowHand](https://github.com/3AceShowHand)
```
